Welcome to Big Data Integration and
Processing.
Welcome to course three of
the big data specialization.
I'm Amarnath Gupta.
And I'm Ilkay Altintas.
We are really excited to
work with you in this course
to develop your understanding and skills
in big data integration and processing.
By now you might have just
finished our first two courses and
learned the basics of big data
modelling and management.
If you haven't, it's not required.
But for those that less background
in the data modelling and
data management areas you
might find it valuable.
We understand that you may not have
any background on data management.
We are going to introduce Query languages,
we'll first look at SQL in some detail,
and then move to Query languages for
MongoDB which is a semi structured
data management system, and Aerospike,
which is a key value store.
We will also introduce concepts
related to processing of big data as
big data pipelines.
We talk about data structures and
transformations related to batch and
stream processing as steps in a pipeline.
Providing us a way to talk
about big data processing
without getting into the details
of the underlying technologies.
Once we have reviewed the concepts and
related systems, we will switch gears
to hands on exercises with Spark,
one of the most popular big data engines.
We will show you examples of patch and
stream processing using Spark.
As you know for
many data science applications
one has to use many different databases
and analyze the integrated data.
In fact, data integration is one leading
cause leading to the bigness of data.
We'll give you a rapid exposure to
information integration systems
through use cases and point out the big
data aspects one should pay attention to.
We are also excited to show you
examples of data processing using Splunk.
Our goal here is to provide you
with simple hands on exercises
that require no programming, but
show you how one can use interfaces like
Splunk to manage and process big data.
We wish you a fun time learning and
hope to hear from you in the discussions
forums and learner stories as usual.
Well, happy learning and think big data